Addition of tables summarizing preprocessing macros and flags (#1083)
fortran-lang/stdlib: README.md

with `prog` being the name of the example program (e.g., `example_sort`).

### Preprocessing macros and flags

`stdlib` uses two preprocessing steps:

- *fypp* for meta-programming (templating and feature selection)

> - *C* preprocessing (compiler flag `-cpp`/`-fpp`) for conditional compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *C* preprocessing (activated through compiler flags like `-cpp`(GNU) or `-fpp`(Intel) or use of uppercase file suffix .F90) for conditional compilation
```
